README.md, before:

# moonxraccoon's Dotfiles
An install script will be added to install all dependencies and automate the neovim config process.

## Software Used
- neovim as my main Code Editor/IDE
- kitty as a terminal

## NeoVim config and keybinds
The config is strucured like so:
```
nvim
|____ lua
|     |____ keybinds.lua    <= Keybind config is here (obviously)
|     |____ plugins.lua     <= The packer.nvim plugin list
|     |____ setup.lua       <= Setup for all the plugins
|     |____ util.lua        <= Utility function
|     |____ lsp.lua         <= Add your LSP configuration here
|____ init.lua              <= inital configuration and theme selection
```
### Adding an LSP for autocompletion:
To use the autocompletion you need to go to the file you want the autocompletion to 
work on. Then you install the language server with `:LspInstall` and select the 
languageserver you want. Once it is installed you can add the LSP to the autocompletion like so:
```lua
require('lspconfig')['<YOUR_LSP>'].setup {
    capabilities = capabilities
}
```
Where `YOUR_LSP` is the LSP name you installed.  
Once I have the time, I will also automate this process so you just need to type `:AddLspConfig`.

### General Keybinds:
`Ctrl + h/j/k/l`: Change window focus to left/beneath/above/right window  
`Ctrl + t`: Open/Close floating terminal  
`fe`: Open/Close the file explorer on the left  
`ff`: Open the fuzzy finder to find files faster  
`FF`: Search for already open files  
`tn`: Create a new, empty tab  
`tc`: Close the current tab, if it is not empty  
`tl`: Move to the next tab  
`th`: Move to the previous tab  
`tf`: Go to the first tab  
`fm`: Format the file you are in (Also formats on saving file)

When in Autocompletion:  
`Tab`: Go to next autocomplete suggestion  
`Shift + Tab`: Go to previous autocomplete suggestion
`Return`: Use the selected autocompletion  
`Ctrl + b/f`: Scroll through the documentation  

More keybinds will be added once I discover some new shortcuts for something.

Commit message:

updated README.md with install instructions

README.md, after:

# moonxraccoon's Dotfiles

## Installation
For now only Debian based Linux Distributions work. Need to implement and test the script to install all the dependencies based on the used Distribution.
This will be added later.  
You first need to have `git` installed. So install `git` with:  
```bash
sudo apt-get install git
```
Once `git` is installed clone the repository with  
```bash
git clone https://github.com/moonxraccoon/dotfiles
```
and enter the folder  
```bash
cd dotfiles
```
Now you can just run  
```bash
./install.sh
```
and follow the instructions. You have the option to build and install Neovim from the master branch if you don't have `nvim[>=v0.7.0]` installed.  
This will install **Packer** as the plugin manager for nvim and also install all the plugins which I have active at the moment.  
Once the `nvim` install an configuration finishes, you can find the config files in `~/.config/nvim`. The folder structure is 
explained below.

## Software Used
- neovim as my main Code Editor/IDE
- kitty as a terminal

## NeoVim config and keybinds
The config is strucured like so:
```
nvim
|____ lua
|     |____ keybinds.lua    <= Keybind config is here (obviously)
|     |____ plugins.lua     <= The packer.nvim plugin list
|     |____ setup.lua       <= Setup for all the plugins
|     |____ util.lua        <= Utility function
|     |____ lsp.lua         <= Add your LSP configuration here
|____ init.lua              <= inital configuration and theme selection
```
### Adding an LSP for autocompletion:
To use the autocompletion you need to go to the file you want the autocompletion to 
work on. Then you install the language server with `:LspInstall` and select the 
languageserver you want. Once it is installed you can add the LSP to the autocompletion like so:
```lua
require('lspconfig')['<YOUR_LSP>'].setup {
    capabilities = capabilities
}
```
Where `YOUR_LSP` is the LSP name you installed.  
Once I have the time, I will also automate this process so you just need to type `:AddLspConfig`.

### General Keybinds:
`Ctrl + h/j/k/l`: Change window focus to left/beneath/above/right window  
`Ctrl + t`: Open/Close floating terminal  
`fe`: Open/Close the file explorer on the left  
`ff`: Open the fuzzy finder to find files faster  
`FF`: Search for already open files  
`tn`: Create a new, empty tab  
`tc`: Close the current tab, if it is not empty  
`tl`: Move to the next tab  
`th`: Move to the previous tab  
`tf`: Go to the first tab  
`fm`: Format the file you are in (Also formats on saving file)

When in Autocompletion:  
`Tab`: Go to next autocomplete suggestion  
`Shift + Tab`: Go to previous autocomplete suggestion
`Return`: Use the selected autocompletion  
`Ctrl + b/f`: Scroll through the documentation  

More keybinds will be added once I discover some new shortcuts for something.
